New Synthetics home page (#7771)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/metrics.md

---
title: Synthetics Metrics
kind: documentation
description: These metrics are generated by Synthetics checks.
---

## Metrics

> The following metrics are generated by Synthetics checks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following metrics are generated by Synthetic tests:
```

* Metrics starting with `synthetics.browser.*` come from your [browser tests][3].
* Metrics starting with `synthetics.http.*` come from your [API HTTP tests][4].

> * Metrics starting with `synthetics.ssl.*` come from your [API SSL tests][5].

Reviewer: These links seem broken
